3337 bug install instructions incorrectmisleading for python version (#3356)
ukaea/PROCESS: documentation/proc-pages/installation/introduction.md

can begin using or developing PROCESS. This includes differing instructions for those working on
different operating systems.

> PROCESS is natively supported on Ubuntu 20 and 22, and requires Python 3.8 - 3.11. Other Linux distributions will be able to successfully

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PROCESS is natively supported on Ubuntu 20 and 22, and requires Python 3.10 or 3.11. Other Linux distributions will be able to successfully
```
